>> Kyle Simpson: Okay, so
that's our iterative approach.
And that algorithm should have come
through because what we're basically
saying is take the list and
make it a little bit smaller each time.
That actually leads us to the idea of
what the algorithm would be if we did it
recursively.
We could do the same thing just
make a smaller and smaller list and
make the recursive call,
not do it with a while loop.
And we won't need to do the block scoping
destructuring part because that part can
be taken care of with the recursive call.
So what I'll do is comment this out and
then re-implement addn recursively.
And what I'm gonna do is take advantage
of,
>> Kyle Simpson: The signature
to go ahead and do that for me.
And then I want to say, if, so
my base case is if fnslength = 0,
actually let me say, if it's greater than
0, meaning that there's still stuff to do.
Then we need to go ahead and,
>> Kyle Simpson: Do a recursive call.
>> Kyle Simpson: And the array, sorry this
is not, let me do the destructuring here.
>> Kyle Simpson: The array that we wanna
pass in is gonna look exactly the same.
It's gonna have a function
that includes fn0 and fn1.
>> Kyle Simpson: And then it's gonna
include the rest of the fns in it.
>> Kyle Simpson: So that's the array
being passed to our recursive call.
And if we're not in that base
condition then we know that fn0 and
fn1 are the last two to deal with.
So we can just simply call
add2 with fn0 and fn1.
Same algorithm as what we did before, but
now we're expressing it recursively
instead of iteratively.
So if I didn't make another huge mistake,
let's try that out and see if it works.
>> Kyle Simpson: And there we get 35.